Ken: What would really help with a transcript? is if you sort of say your name, when you're about to say something, because, participants names the full transcript that comes that you get after a meeting, often has the But this transcript is being transcribed in chunks as we go. so, it's like, This is Ken. And of course, you can always type question mark in the chat to trigger cogito. and we as we discovered in the last meeting with Carl, that you don't have to tell it what's going on,

Ian: You have to it kind of ties to something that can post it the other day about Wasn't it something like that? Ken was Ken was just saying, So we have cogito in here And he was saying that, the way it works is it's helpful. If each time we speak we say Who's speaking. So this is Ian blah blah blah. Whatever we're saying you know so Cogito knows as part of the transcription who each of us are as we speak. Specifically about adjustments identify ourselves actually quite helpful for me as an assistant. I understand the discussion. This is Ian about meeting transcription practices. Yes, we are very comfortable with that format. What do you guys want to do? You want to give it a few more for others to join before we start, you want to start? If we do start, what are we going to? Are we going to do a cloud or are we going to do something else? Like I'm open to whatever the group thinks is cool. Use of the time, you know? Graber, so this is Ian, I'm reading the book Debt, The First 5,000 Years, by David And he's exploring this idea that the current economic paradigm. The idea that we started as a bar trip barter and trade society that evolved into money, which see in Aboriginal cultures today, which is more of like a credit based kind of evolved into the current is fundamentally backwards and flawed, and there's no historical evidence for it. So it's exploring this idea between like what you economy or monetary system, which is based on human relationships and trust and knowing that I gave you a fish and you make shoes and someday, I'll need shoes. And you'll remember that I gave you the fish because I'm a fisherman and you know what I mean? So like the the conflict is And he's exploring this idea that the current economic paradigm. So like the the conflict is Hello. Do you cover the problem? How are we going with the problem that you mentioned earlier? It's interesting conflict. I don't know if it's clear. What is the assumption that you are making? Because you mentioned depth basis system, which makes all sense for the tradewater explanation, but it will. So we applicable for a large portion and many approach to this like resource building or whatever. Is there right name for it? countries culture in the current system. On the other side, There are some sure that they make the money first before spending it. So it's a very distinct countries where the culture is very against credit and they are always making Your first build capital and then use it. like, exploring this assumption that the current economic paradigm is natural and economic paradigm, like what it could, what could other economic paradigms look inherent which all evidence points to the contrary, versus not the current Julian. It's one of the fundamental things that he contrasts in the book, the idea of currency as a physical thing that has inherent value versus currency as a, an abstraction of I owe you, something you owe me, something that can then be passed around. You know what he's arguing? Is that That came first. versus and then from that was born fit, and there's a cycle where we go, we sway between these physical currencies tangible, like actual thing has value itself like, exploring this assumption that the current economic paradigm is natural and economic paradigm, like what it could, what could other economic paradigms look inherent which all evidence points to the contrary, versus not the current Julian. versus and then from that was born fit, and there's a cycle where we go, we sway between these physical currencies tangible, like actual thing has value itself this currency is credit amongst each other, which is deeply human and requires it, so I think, certain relationships, trust, you know, and then he talks about the effects of The exploration is simply. What, you know, we have the current paradigm which we all are highly familiar with Contrasting, that with not, you know, not it. What else could what else is possible? I think some of the, some This is Ian. So the current one according to the book and I also think we see this is and again, Only like a couple hours into the book and I used AI today. I built this AI helper. That helps people like learn like, you know, instead of reading Ken who's deeply studied might have interesting opinions in. This is probably something he's probably come across and thought about this whole this whole inquiring giving a summary helping to try to like upload that knowledge. So I passively a book actively inquiring with AI, Orienting AI around the book explored a bit in that. So what I'm saying is a bit limited in perspective and concept that I'm discussing. But I think what he's saying is that the current paradigm is the opposite of the credit system where we we've we've got What did it say? anonymous transactions often imposed by states to provision armies. Shifting, focus to individual transactions, So if physical currency cash, pointage impersonal, mathematical allows for That I think is the current state. relationships within a community. It fosters a sense of collective identity. Credit currency To contrast, that is personal flexible based on social I don't know, it's just one potential, What do others think? What potential topics we could explore or more about that one? I'm still exploring the material. I just put the question mark in though, for Cogito to respond, and it's a decent response. We should check it out. This is Ian, I'm not sure. I'm capable of doing a good job at that. Considering What did it say? Considering I, This is Julian. So in that sense, I'm not quite sure because I'm arrived late. What the what the what the content, the conflict group would be, could we try that? Could you try and break break it down to what it would be in the context of a conflict? Ian just to bring me up to speed. Yeah, I mean, I think the interesting thing for me about the credit systems and the personal relationship-based tied to community trust and social bonds, is that idea, which is, in fact, it's kind of as form of storytelling. you know, and that idea that cooperation is, the reason that humans have achieved so much more than you know, Then other species have is that idea that what storytelling brings is the idea of being able to I, This is Julian. you know, and that idea that cooperation is, the reason that humans have achieved so much more than you know, Then other species have is that idea that what storytelling brings is the idea of being able to Do things over long periods of time longer than a single lifetime, for example. So that what brings the creation of the, you know, the great cathedrals of storytelling. And what these people do is that they build these huge cathedrals lifetimes. And the way in which that's done is that the religion is a form of Europe was not just a single lifetime's work, but actually the work of several For a long, long periods of time, knowing that they won't see the finished product, but actually, that their families are part of something that is much. Much bigger than just them.

Ken: The transcription is apparently fast enough. That it basically no understands the meeting. I think we should stick with tradition. Cloud were you proposing in? But I don't think it can be reduced to the classical. Something and not something. It's, it's like too broad in scope. the, I'm trying to think this is Ken, The. the equivalent in the realms that the vaporating cloud I think is designed to work in would be Say. Should we use cost-based accounting or not used cost-based accounting? To be, it's I think it's a question that has the same.

Julian: Um I I had a kind of idea around the possibility of us as a conflict talking about how or could we or do we all work together as something different to the conflict club? And this is kind of my feeling that we all get, so much out of these conversations. That it seems a shame that we haven't tried to explore the idea of making it something that actually we do more often than just one hour a week, do we work together or do we not work together or something? but I wasn't quite sure how to cash that as a conflict club question. Which is oversimplified binary framing. It's agreeing with Ken, Ken raises, a good point about avoiding an different purposes rather than being strict alternatives. Stands out to me is that these systems? A really good points of my own this is Ian, that's it's interesting and timely because I've been exploring in Physical space. With those around me creating something something that models concerned with their own elite rights privilege status. around the incumbents, get them begging to tell us how they're doing it and then via fear and taps into true human potential leveraging. That's run circles show them openly. But they won't be able to replicate it because they're too future of work. Could look like something that goes beyond coercion of employees oversimplified binary framing. Could look like something that goes beyond coercion of employees

Ken: Tenor, kind of The same. I don't, I can't draw an exact equivalent but it kind of feels like the same This is Ken. There are, you know, there are some things you could try and copy the group dynamics for this works really well for us or seems to So, you have to be careful. Because you really don't know what. That you might change, might sort of put it. this might be a place where since we know each other, some of us, might Engage each other as kind of study partners. I mean this is copying like a fundamental Buddhist practice, right? to work on this thing. So you say, Well, you know, I I'm trying to work like Ian just said, I'm trying You know, this. Is willing to team up with him. and then it, that the two people just Check in. intentions, and whatever, they just check in with each other. So they can keep focused, and keep their, you know, understand their own Once a day. Or whenever you decide to. And say you know how are things going, you know?

Bruno: I, the current one or which one you are? You It came first, because my impression culture will leave at is that resource face, it came first before the depth trade and butter and of course we can you which one is the current one depending on the country or the Implicit value, you said. I mean, If this is Bruno, I agree. They conflict about is the cloud format. Something we need to keep, or, is it something that we need to explore variations of it? It's a very good question to start exploring. I don't think we will make a decision today, but I think with the family will get inside today. So I guess part of this is about, let's see if we can't come up with a conflict. What would the, how would we frame it? As a as an evaporating cloud I can't quite pass it. It feels, this is Julian. It feels a little traitorous to be doing this without Carl. If you guys are happy, And how does it work? Because I, yeah, we've got cogito, but we've also got a Claude window. That we need to open separately to do the cloud.

Bruno: Having the other person to talk to. is focusing and helps you keep Moving right. so you could say, Well, that's something we could add to the working thing which is this weekly group This is, can you say? Should we continue with our evaporating cloud meetings once a week? Or should we should the evaporating cloud meetings once a week? or should it not be all we do should well, we don't, we don't have I have the instructions that projectile could run. but we don't have access to the custom GPT The variety of them that Carl uses.

Ian: So that could be it could be some cohesion. There about the I'm interested in exploring, why, why we don't what's stopping us? What's stopping others? Creating these unorganizations and making that social, cohesion, and harmony as Carl would say, our competitive advantage and then using it to go sleigh in the market Let's do that. This was Ian by the way. Not, if he's part of the drive. This is like some of the original. Some of the original Cloud coach from what back Carl's evolved it a lot since added this layer in about exploring assumptions and such But it still does the job. And I think this is the one that we had, where I had So let's try it. So I will say hello to it. So this is Ian, it says Hello, I'm cloud coach. You're ready to find a conflict to define a conflict and attempt, resolving it. Using the evaporating cloud. Prime our current state. Always, I guess not that use our weekly time together to perform and evaporating. Cloud, tell me if I'm wrong and I'll change it. Is not our current state. Okay, I'm gonna send it. How do you mean this is Ian? state because we want to leave ourselves open to possibilities that might we specifically don't want. Like we don't want to be specific about the future This is Ian no worries. My understanding of the way Carl uses the cloud is that emerge. I don't even think this is the renal anymore. If it's Yemeni base it is like Be 10 of the. Conflict cloud AI, right? anything, they there was some of these before giving I was announced and yes, that there was some version of the thinking a coach from From Carl before even give me was announced like when Google was behind and it was only Charity opening a basis. So is the same URL, your study different version makes sense. I will just tell you that the current state is. We don't do back to weekly clouds. evaporating clouds anymore. We do cogito and they potentially state is to get And that's it. We do cogito and they potentially state is to get the two conflicting actions. D, prime current state use our weekly time together Okay, this is Ian. So it says Excellent, we can work with that. We've defined to perform and evaporating cloud. D Future state, not use our weekly time together to perform evaporating cloud. would you get from not using your weekly time together to perform and Now that we have the desired, future state defined. Let's move on to the next element. What are the benefits of that future state? What positive outcomes evaporating cloud. I think though, what Julian's suggesting that we explore is like, Just trying to remember. You just want to go to Green Lane basically. And it's Or if you, Go. Okay, Yeah, this is Julian. I'm not sure that that Does that offer a whole lot of other opportunities? As the future state do. We need to be more specific about the future. Say Sorry, I just have to let the dog go. This is Julian, interestingly enough. And it's only kind of been revealed by the two of you having that dialogue. state is we get together once a week for an hour. I guess what I was kind of interested in the idea of and I don't if the current Just trying to remember. I guess what I was kind of interested in the idea of and I don't if the current this time to do things related to like Perhaps in recent history. But historically we've always only used Cloud exploration. And so, maybe we could very recently, we started to go beyond that. And I think what Julian wants to explore is like, what if we embraced going beyond that? What if we just stopped doing cloud altogether and started to do? Who knows what, you know, Which would make our current future state in that general sense. The cloud thing, I think. Can anyone articulate then? what the current state that we want to juxtapose against possible options for future states, are is this time to do things related to like Perhaps in recent history. what the current state that we want to juxtapose against possible options for future states, are is

Ken: But Bruno, I think the instructions just got moved And you can move the instructions and, and to the different LLM and Yeah, this is Ken. I think that's important is that if you decided you wanted to do something else beside, Not doing evaporating cod every week. Then you could start thinking about what else you are going to do, but right now, we're just thinking about the benefits. Of doing what we're doing or changing. You don't have to say your name if you laugh. And this is Ken, I think, Julian got it down to the to the core.

Ian: Precisely maybe Cogito can help us. I'll give it that adjustment. so, the two opposing actions we are considering Keep the weekly meeting to one hour. Current state future state expand. The time we spend together either as a whole group or in parts. Does this new framing feel accurate to you? And everyone's nodding, yes. by expanding the time you spend together. So what it's asking then is what are the positive outcomes you hope to achieve What do you guys think? Feel free to ask for suggestions If you'd like to explore some possibilities. insane, like, the fact that we're talking about this now and all these recent precisely what we're saying. thoughts have had about building an organization. That's fundamental engine is Slightly a side tangent. I find sometimes the inherent harmony of reality, What can emerge when people bring diverse skills and thoughts and truly get to things, what could happen. Each other about about each other as humans as well. Those two And how much that could enable a distancing hyperproductive? You know, the team that runs the iterates a thousand times in your one, iteration learns a thousand times and how long it takes you, your huge bog down bureaucracy to function, you know. But and then reading this foot debt. Gave me a new is starting to help me because like, my task with the people, I've talked idea of a credit economy what you know? I mean, how does that work, right? And this new debt and this to so far is to come up with the, the social innovation. What is the new governance model? How does this organization function? How do we make decisions? How do we align incentives? How do how do we determine? Who does I'm reading that is just blows my mind and here in harmony, you know, Which is based again found it, you know. So anyway, the synergy the fact that bureaucracy to function, you know. So anyway, the synergy the fact that

Kenneth: Now, we spend an hour a week together. What if we spent more time? either, as a whole group or Parts of it. You know, so that that's a pretty simple conflict. We keep it to an hour a week or do we try and expand it. well, and this is Kenneth, we might explain um, benefits that are real but That. we're not, we haven't imagined or we're not thinking about In the Turnology, I've been using lately that makes their virtual. They're thinking about it. We don't know what they are, but you get a definite feeling

Julian: In the future state might be. Why don't we get together more often? and the stuff that we're discussing. And so, I guess my question was driven around the idea that I really enjoy this beyond. I think has value beyond. The way in which we discuss things has value Just the cloud. Is there a way for us to? I mean, even yet to commercialize Our. collaboration as opposed to necessarily having to collect commercialize the The conflict cloud necessarily. I think that's closer to what this is Julian. That's closer to what I imagined originally. I hope that we would duplicate the enjoyment that I feel during this hour over In the future state might be. I hope that we would duplicate the enjoyment that I feel during this hour over more cogito and less evaporating clouds the last few weeks. And I am not saying eight that is worse, is that? I think we have been doing way Fair enough. MB was benefits, they enjoyment. That one is a very concrete and I If this is Bruno Hoyle that the last one is Spotona agree. The other ones, I am not sure if they are concrete enough because we are talking about potential and I agree as long as it. the engagement because there is other things competing with them, but I guess that will be in the There is a limit. If we do 40 hours a week, if I don't think it will be 40 times Why is it all happening now? So Ben said, the the opportunity to explore different opportunities that are part of what could happen if we comider capabilities, what other benefits. Could we achieve or might be part? Might be a result of spending more time together. And these it's funny because this is Ian, these are key aspects. engineers that I remember my network that are friends, you know, about like that will enable this hyperproductive state, hyper performance, state and those are That I've been talking to the people that I've been talking about a certain key aspects. Like part of it is the issuing of this false narrative that Why is it all happening now? Like part of it is the issuing of this false narrative that integrate that like what happens at home, affects how you work, what happens at Julian is how you perform and you care about your life. I care about your work. So part of this is that true tribal like I care about more than just And that will drive the performance of the whole family, I care about all of it, and we attend to each other's needs in that way. start to get on board with that but they won't be able to get on board with that and truly treat others like humans which they will never do until we eat their because the elite of those groups will have to sacrifice their elite position In ways that no other organization will ever be able to compete with until they integrate that like what happens at home, affects how you work, what happens at Julian is how you perform and you care about your life. start to get on board with that but they won't be able to get on board with that and truly treat others like humans which they will never do until we eat their because the elite of those groups will have to sacrifice their elite position In ways that no other organization will ever be able to compete with until they opposite side on the equation, about A potential non-benefits. They time limits for example but enjoyment is something that we probably can grow a little bit with more time. I, were thrive about you and Julian mention. It's something that I think I have been looking for with the realizing that at least here. There is a tribe for a specific topic that my expand from the topic and still be a trip. in a way that other people benefits without a That's it because of the thinking, I have thought a lot about the problems you you want to have many little tribes. So how we replicate this game? So one concern is how to scale. You don't want to have a big thrive, opposite side on the equation, about A potential non-benefits. You don't want to have a big thrive, thinking in very different directions As you. I agree that we need to eat alive Diluting the value of a small enough drive the other concerned finally been the big two powerful companies that are forgetting the importance of humans and saying we will just be robots and ease and one person that has all the money in the world and that the idea that's fully trigger or south of this, but that I think is the most Promising, I have explored is employee owned, companies, like you have a limited size and the owners are the employees and that is what? I also think This is Julian. This is it's also it has to do with being brave. And I think that together we are braver. And as a result, uncover We, what is it? That I think the benefit would be that we will take more risk Um, greater innovation. Have both of you, lived to the solution, I is is one of the easiest ways to create us, is to define them. I don't know, is this, and it's really funny. It's that whole idea which extent. What you've both just done as you, you go. So what we want is this I also think This is Julian. So what we want is this business alive and becomes an imperative for them. And they still won't be able to do it so it's cool we'll just eat them alive. How much thoughts resonate? I love exploring things together as a whole. It's just so powerful, but I think in the employee ownership is an been working with in terms of ideating about what we could do and how and is that, I think a lot of these problems solving of them will be emergent. One of the things I've been telling these two engineers that I've like Ken says, there's a lot of possibilities and as we can counter these things, I'm very confident that as a collective, we will absolutely come up with ones that we'll have to solve for and explode. I think so, my point is it will novel solutions in those contexts to overcome those problems, and I don't think we can anticipate in advance precisely all of them. There's a couple obvious all emerge and we can't try to force that, you know, we have to Go with it but I think it's possible and I do agree that the goal can't be to Maximize the interest alignment. And and that's why I talk about the scale the way it will scale is if there are many many tribes that arena positive state without affecting the others. I absolutely agree with Julian that the way we are. Describing things sounds like we're jumping to solutions and we have made that mistake multiple times. In this case, I don't believe that we are committing to, let's explore the solution. We are mostly using the examples of solutions. We have for instrument before to give us context on what is the real problem. Although that's just the big chip in my shoulder that I have you don't want to play, then we'll just eat you. exploit it to the point where it's like cool. We've invented a new game and if like ultimately we can convert them because it will play their own game and towards these latest assholes, that are destroying humanity, but like I think So play or die man. wrote that as a benefit of the current state, Now, we have moved on here. This is Ian by the way. This is a powerful inspiring set of benefits summarize eat others alive. This is a powerful inspiring set of benefits summarize discover new opportunities, increase fulfillment. And in this case I I think what it really resonates is of alternative ways of thinking and alternative paradigms is what really is solve problems in different ways that are clouds or cogito. But it's comes from enriching us and getting us these enjoyment that you mention and what ability to precisely exploding, those absolutely different that what we are getting out of this sessions is exploration, that exploration Perspectives and way to solve problems. Cord doesn't make sense from being benefit of both. Is that then it's unrelated. It happens all the time and that for sure is not true.

This: That there might be really. It feels like there might be really good possibilities. That's one way of Good ones. That we don't find because we just don't have enough time. Going for the well, this is This is, this is Ken. And I don't know where this is. proper cloud evaporation here or not, but It seems like one of those. And this is an idea I've had before. So when you have a group like this, you think, Oh there must be other groups like this, where people are having a good time. multiplying each other's reach sort of What benefit would there be? How would you possibly? Without creating more overhead and You could stand. And I'm Excuse me for writing my hobby horse, but I think the potentials in in the large language models, Opens up ways. A bunch of small groups in conversation with each other. Who could also access what that was going on in other groups, if they were curious. And sort of crossed fertilize each other. A big communication's overhead. Combat, or it might turn into like paying work.

Ian: But I think what you just said, might be a benefit at the current state but it's also a benefit of the future state. What do you guys think? And this is Ian, I think. For me, that's nail on the head one. I think one of the things that has gotten me so Active in regarded in regard to these thoughts and space not just thinking them. this new capability Starting to actually try to manifest them is precisely what you said. I think in the form of ai unlocks things that were not previously available that will

Ian: I, I, I, I, I, If I, Different. Opportunities that are part of. Where we can combine our capabilities together. I, I, I, I, This, this is day. The ability of the AI to act as a pseudo executive function for US individually. Could equally apply to the organizations. And so part of the problem or challenge, I feel Ian that you're talking about with these. Encumbents that are not good. It's an issue of executive function. So they're misaligned in the way that they are. The goals that the pursuing It start. The goals that the pursuing part of that process. Whereas if you had an executive function that helped align And they're trying to optimize for the wrong things and they sacrifice people as and focus individuals and then align and focus the collective of Without that sacrifice, that's really what we're after. I guess, I I pose it as a question is that really what we're after? And then following on from that is Is the technology? mature enough to be able to meet that need brain and it kind of works, but also kind of doesn't because I've used AI as an executive function to assist with my ADHD, scattered

Bruno: I wanted to jump into what are the disadvantages. We have talked about the positives a lot. What we also need to talk about the negatives and Ben already. Also in some of the potential negatives, one companies. potential negative that I am worry about is most of the AAS are related with big Using Google, if we release. Then we are feeding the incorrect ally if we don't use Google risk is aI, might not be the interest of the AI owners might not be aligned it and we use open AI with my area same and we can keep arguing with any AI. So one with this interest. This is Bruno, I wanted to jump into what are the disadvantages. They another one that we speak to me is the one that Ben mentioned it. They that Okay, I still know how to sum even when I don't usually do it as much for How much of our own abilities we lose with the tool? Is it like the calculator big numbers as now, I use a calculator, will we use a? Yes, A Way to go faster and do it. When you know, just regular basis but still know how over uses AI. And that is the concern that we have talked for students that if an engineer. So we don't want to get to those extremes and that is one of the they need all of their degree with AI and Lady and learn anything then, well, collaboration. they know how to drive the aid to be an engineer, but they don't know how to be They another one that we speak to me is the one that Ben mentioned it. they know how to drive the aid to be an engineer, but they don't know how to be to think or it will make us. Not think like Stories have shown for people that They another one that we speak to me is the one that Ben mentioned it. Not think like Stories have shown for people that really ideal state where we crush everybody else. get a conflict cloud out of this and I love what we're all talking about, but I always think that we are making it much bigger and, and, you know, and that is part of our excitement about this the possibilities here. But I really like to that we get to that point where in fact actually it gives us the CLE. actually go, give us a suggestion, give us a suggestion, give us a suggestion so pull it back in if we can. And I know that what Carl would do here is he'd Enable. So that's a key aspect too. I'm imagining an AI enabled, sensing or an organization and explore the liminal and and just do things that were not organization where we all as individuals have AI, helping us sense, make but as Previously possible with regard to that social cohesion moving, as a, a whole, a know. whole of collective thing, you know, of individual things, you know, I don't And I want to explore that. It, it's not and it's not that we rely on AI. This is Ian as we roll off though. And focus, refocus ourselves. Look at what Cogito responded to that discussion and I think it's key. It's how I've been Enable. It's how I've been End of the cloud. But what I can see you doing, is each of you, is taking your individual enthusiasm, and throwing it in, making it more complicated and just for the purposes of, it is an hour and I love the has some constructive stuff. conversation, but I do quite like the idea of coming to something which actually So perfect. Maintain local proficiency. think that maintaining focus and efficiency for the reason that Yes. So look in that context, it's really here are some potential benefits. I everybody's time and energy not so much protects time or individual work. What we do do when we do do just an hour is where as we do that. We respect End of the cloud. We respect And enhancement. But anyway I'm gonna shut up now because and follow Julian's lead. Vivian asking for some more options. Well, I would say one resonated with me. I actually know two resonated with me. others about, you know, this endeavor that I've been engaging on is like this, this I can't just quit my job, right? And just do because I have family have with, you know, so two resonates with me. kids, we all have that. So there's all this kind of other stuff we have to deal Like, you know, we have to recall that, like, it's what I've been saying to I'll see a more options. so, some level of avoidance, maybe I don't think they are you. two different things, you know, we're working, fun are different. I personally, There we go, to overcome the assumption that work in life, and life and work, Okay, let's see what it says. So what it's going to go to what is a, What is the unifying goal? So let's let's brainstorm around that. unifying outcome is Very clear picture this time, you want to expand your time together in order to want to keep the meeting to one hour in order to preserve the enjoyment and if we depend on AI to have, this type of collaboration, what happens if AI stops working or works halfway or Do we lose our ability to collaborate? video it before I think is Questionable is that we really getting hypertensiviation and sustainability because of the small commitment or the other way around. Because it's not like we have 20, and we have way more in the list than in the course. A more interested in the objective precisely. I called this is Bruno. I call this thing in group. So to me the goal is Expand of course, with way more.

Ken: But the dynamic isn't about paying work that dynamic. It's about Like Julian said, encouraging each other. So I'm trying to get not too off track here, Red. Part of the cogito experimentation? Has involved the idea of avatars. so, One possibility of expanding. The group participation. Without necessarily expanding the individual time commitment that much would be. Creating a way to break right now. We're we're interacting with each other. others, but not with but you can imagine that one or a couple of us might be interacting with the Them being present. But with their avatars, with their patterns,

Ian: Discover new opportunities, increase fulfillment and foster innovation. But you preventive and becoming work. This is a core tension that resonate with folks. So it's asking us, what is the A rating for? What is the goal that requires you to both discover and innovate and preserve the enjoyment of your collaboration? What you're saying Resonates? was what I love is that I always comes back with So it liked it, liked what you said, Bruno, it says it's and I agree. It's it A compromise but that's a true unifying goal. I love what it's saying here to effectively. Expand your collective possibilities. You must have innovation keeps the collective healthy and willing to engage. So for imperfect this bump discover new opportunities, increase fulfillment and foster innovation. So for imperfect this bump personally don't even care because I think the option that you came up with this great so I asked for some other options I gave it, but honestly I don't even Tell me if you disagree. Okay, so this is Ian asking it to stick with what we said, our proposed. A Let's When I get this, I'll have it. Do a summary too and send it out to the group. So, in order to expand our thinking and possibilities the group, the collective. And we need to preserve the enjoyment and prevent the meeting from becoming emergency work. We need to discover new opportunities, increase fulfillment and foster personally don't even care because I think the option that you came up with this great so I asked for some other options I gave it, but honestly I don't even Tell me if you disagree. We need to discover new opportunities, increase fulfillment and foster

Ben: Okay, so it's the case of I still need. develop our own respective executive functions? And then how much of that do we give over to the machine? Or should we just And so, that's What I've been wrestling with myself, but ultimately I want Jarvis or Slash here. Just to assist to take the load off. My things that are not particularly good at. But would help me focus. Thank you for acting as the executive function Julian. I, I, you need them for innovation. and so for us to actually, maintain pace and direction,

Ian: Ah, yes, but ensures high participation and say sustainability provides predictability for scheduling. Yeah, I think maybe some more try again. something, is in a higher pressure environment, if we actually had to try and make it into I think four is correct and the sense that I think that what we're worried about we do now. which is the, My fear is, is that as a result, we wouldn't enjoy it as much as Yeah, I also think that there's a fear that the AI hasn't talked about yet, We'd lose the enjoyment. I don't know because I feel all of those five. Those are all work for me. your thinking with the group and a is the same thing that we are doing with a, Quality of the bouncing areas with AI individuals and the thinking the experience of all, you all then versus just ourselves with a. Yes, In fact, I will say it's similar to the goal that we get when we have augment A rebounding sound worth. But better quality again. The only one you don't quite early is number one, because Is it going to really disappear? Is it something that will ever change? Is it the side level to lose it? Or the flip side, is it healthy to keep it? I think the reason The reason that I bought this up as a question is because of one for me, which is that I think this could be something more. And so from that point of view, it's not necessarily that it will always, you know, I get what you're saying. Definitely Bruno in the context of, you know, you want that because we want to continue to grow but it's that feeling which is, is that are we missing a trick here? Because actually how often do you get think it's not as often as I would like this? Kind of a feeling when you're working with people and unfortunately I also have to keep the weekly meeting one hour to get C. So we have this conflict But to do that, we have to expand the time we spend together to get B, but we So, the next step is to explore the undesirable effects. Would you like me to ask? Let's ask for options given that we're getting close coming up against it in reality too. It's funny how we're actively discussing the time constraint, and then we're I love them. I don't feel a background. To the assumpty of the, the part, where we dissolve the conflict by finding the motion most emotional energy the most, the assumption, most vulnerable, the challenge and challenging it. And what it's saying is it's Let's start with the assumption that seems to hold the also have to keep the weekly meeting one hour to get C. And what it's saying is it's Let's start with the assumption that seems to hold the becoming work. We must keep the meeting to one hour. Which is in order to preserve the enjoyment and prevent our meeting from Is that app statement? Absolutely 100% true in all circumstances. Limit the only way to guarantee enjoyment. Obviously not Personally, I would drive great joy with like being able to actually work. provide by working getting to talk with you guys. It would be a goddamn And to provide in this current economic paradigm, for my who those I have to privilege. I mean and what we could do would be insane. So like the pot, the pie is not fixed. On one side, I want to I say I am happy, never satisfied. I want to we happy and stagnant. So number one can be interpreted away so I am not sure about that one not feel frustrated for the unfilled potato but essential but I don't want to be the other ones spot them Did. that we are talking about one hour just because it's the current state that's it what it is that it's not about making it one or two or five or 40 the this is Bruno, I need agree with you recent event and the problem I see is

Kenneth: Basically a kind of conversation, I have with Claude all the time. I could see getting a lot of benefit out of that kind of conversation. That's so, In some ways, the AI. kind of, Ways of DEALING, with the Attention. You know, Ben's talking about executive function, the ultimate constraint in all Is. Is thinking executive, you know proper, it's executive function. If you look at what the OR actually doing, we're already experimenting. We have the meetings where people introduce themselves. Occasionally, we've had guys. Are those specific meetings? It could be these questions. intellectual decision that it You need to experiment. What if we tried to our meetings? What if we tried to one hour, meetings a week? You know that, I don't know if there's a way to find the sweet spots. Like throwing you, you know, baiting the hook and throwing the line in the water. What if we tried one-on-one meetings? What if we tried bringing each other into work situations? there's, A ton of things we could try. And then we might find some of them, preserve this, the happy.

Kenneth: It's like this thing that I'm talking about building. I say, I what I mean, we I going. Hey, is it possible that you blah blah? Yeah, I can do that talking about am nothing. I actually had one of the ones that people I talked about is we should call it. So we can say things like I am the collective. The company I can do anything. and it kind of goes to what I was speaking about before with regard to like this potential big thing building something and then Not not being not having to let it emerge. Via what Ken's talking about tinkering trial and error. Seeing what happens learning, you know. Adaptive challenge for the path. Forward must be discovered through experimentation. deepa expiration without decreasing the enjoyment of time together, so, it's asking us to develop an objective over the next two months or objective is try at least two different meeting models to identify format that allows for set up. We've already got one going, which is the meat which is what Julian So we need to come up. I have to say though, I've sensed all along what you were driving at Julian and been with you in spirit. Like, I know what he's getting at. And it'll be curious guys? It doesn't matter what we contribute, they still repress our wages much as for the day when we have the conversation, explicitly, Why don't we? I've been having this with my peers, though, too. Why are we all swayed slaves to these possible so that the profit margin could be the biggest, why are we doing that? What does stopping us? And I realized nothing, you know, there's literally the only thing that's stopping us is ourselves. We have all the skills, we have way more skills than why. Don't we go do our own So we need to come up. Don't we go do our own

Kenneth: That we value so much. And that would be the advantage of hanging out with other similar small groups. You broaden your base of experience. and, you know, some group finds out that If you all need it McDonald's. because, You're never going to run through all the experiments yourself. You know, you can't you can only prospect one pan at a time. I just asked for historical examples. In the around the 1900s, in the strong days of a unions. Unions had a huge like worker education initiatives. They had meeting rooms.

Julian: Traps got Bruno pulling my has to go. Yeah, seriously though. It's not like you know, it's no joke and it's an intentional trap, too. This is not a trap that happened by happenstance, right? It's, it's an absolute system of slavery. It's just a very elegant one. Yeah, that's one of the things I've been. is a, it's not impressing on folks have been talking to, is that it is what we're talking about you can't conceive of it in the current paradigm, you know, you have to It's a new it's it's and but it's not new but it's so old, right? It's just it's a, it's all, we're doing is talking about establishing a community. are there historical examples of the kinds of co operatives that workers could use to free themselves It in a new way, in a new context, you know? Any It's what Carl talks to I am. Therefore I think therefore I am versus I am because of the others. It's the I am because of the others, you know? So, I've got the summary, I will put it in a dock. I'm sure Carl will lose his ever-loving mind when he finally reads it and be really have serious. fomo fear of missing out, be super missed the conversation because it was such a good one. Although I do think well it will inflict a little bit of like sadness that he Do. created to do so many insane things, it's so awesome. So I use Gemini just Well, my company gives me Gemini for look at all these freaking gems. I've because we get Gemini advanced. It's what the company gives us. So we have the corporate license is G suite so For free. So it's just what's available to me. And I found that it's not the model. It's how you engage with it. It's it's you you it's not the Pretty good. It's not that this whole it's not. It's what Ken's been exploring, and a lot of his articles, he's been writing with cogito recently. It's like, tool, the specific, you know, it's it's the user. That enables the you know and most people are looking at it as like a fancy search engine or content generation engine or some nonsense, they're not using it to like explore the possibilities of what's out there and that if you can do that, It's the results are just not just a different level, but like a multitude of levels different, you know what I mean? So Gemini's fine works, great. me I should read the book how to measure anything. No, I haven't needed to do that, but I have a gem that I remember when Gram told I read the book and then I built which Dude, I can just give you this thing. I built called the measurement architect, Just walk it walks you through applying applied information, economics, which is what the books about, it actually spins up. In Python the code to run a simple so it helps you develop a model and then it run and it spins up and runs a simulation of the Model, A Monte Carlo and spits out the results. And I've been using it to great impact. Yeah, I'll give I don't care. I'll get, I'll give you the the prompt if you want and you you all things. applied information on his Teach me. All the principal, It will totally teach can just ask it. If you don't read the book, just ask it. Like Tell me about I read the book and then I built which Dude, I can just give you this thing. Like Tell me about architect AI is the one that I use some videos that Ken had given and basically But that's just one. I mean dude I built some insane gems. Like this prompt write. In this thing is insane in terms of like the quality of it's like is This is what they call metaprompting, It's a prompt to help you the prompts that people at work are like, How did you blah? I'm like, Oh yeah, so are took me hours and it took me five seconds. There's some yeah, there's the potentials Yeah, yeah, totally. I thought I had I'm sorry. I didn't Yeah, but I built like, you know, I read the book to sell His Human by Dan Pink, kinds of different things. It's about influence, you know, pitches. So I wrote a pitch helper that incorporates the ideas from the book and helps me sell s***, you know, because like what the key to the book is selling be selling something where you're buying for people's attention or time or all isn't just like a, you're selling a vacuum, like you could be selling, you could and it came across. These interesting perspective on how to make effective I, like the freedom to explore this but we feel Trapped by the the way in which society traps us I guess, you know, it's the Yeah, the trapping. Yeah, I think you know that ironically enough the trappings maintain to maintain it, success you stay trapped. of success I think is a very interesting statement because in order once you I think Ian, it sounds to me like, you are. This is Julian, by the way. This is sounds to me, like there is a separate hour where we just get you to go through all of your various gems. There's like a yoga guy in there and a breathing guy and So like yeah I built myself a health and wellness guru which is like a committee like a physical fitness and like and they all talk to each other and help me optimize myself which is kind of fun. creative way to use AI, you go and tell it about it and it will make you a quote unquote gem. That's how all these have come about so really what you need. Do the only gem you need is the prompt architect and every time you think of a Now. no, it's just the instructions like hell, just have a bunch of others that I just kept in textual form. Let me, let me show you. I'll just go to my drive and I Drive. I think it's in my personal gems. problem prompting helpers. Prompts Problem Solving Coach. You can see it's really long. I didn't write it and I wrote it for So I had a bunch of different versions. This is the most recent version, and me. insane prompts for you. So I've downloaded date prompting techniques and it combines them and novel ways to help write But it basically goes into all these, it has all like very bleeding edge up to Now. So I've downloaded date prompting techniques and it combines them and novel ways to help write But it basically goes into all these, it has all like very bleeding edge up to

Julian: I mean, in some ways, what you're talking about his communities of practice, Which are not bound but you're not bounded by the employee organization. Enjoying the thought of. What's gonna happen to your brain when you read it? I wouldn't fished in old book, out by a French guy about The Difference between Chinese Thought and Western Thought. A Chinese his assertion is the Chinese thought. it's about transformation, but one of the basic moves is There were really big on spies. They had all different categories of spies. You basically laid out your understanding of the situation in such a complete and detailed way. That what you're supposed to do next? Just kind of magically appeared as the, the Obvious move, you know, but Anyway, Ian I I mean Julian I think you invented a new form which is the Show and tell. A workshop and show us the goodies. And have filed downloads and start out teaching us how to use them. Although he can probably create a A. Gym that teaches you how to use them.

Julian: I think that the dragon has been hoarding his gems and we need the rest of the adventuring party once you to to free free up some of your jewelry. to use it in Gemini or could we just take it and use it in anything? And in that context, is that? So if when you say you share that, would we have Yeah, so it is just the prompt of the prompt. Did you screenshot like me all of it? I think I'm, yeah, I think that that would be amazing and it's entirely up to I say, as a Level One thief, Ian, to, to decide if that's something he's comfortable with. But certainly, as I think that the dragon has been hoarding his gems and we need the rest of the adventuring party once you to to free free up some of your jewelry. But certainly, as master thief or no actually my age and thinking, Hmm, how do I get myself? Some I'm listening to your, you know, I don't know, level five or level 10, um, of that so that I can advance rapidly and get lots of experience points. Well listen, um, this is Julian again, you can tell because I'm making myself laugh because I think I'm really funny. What is the situation? It's just to say, Let's finish with what we normally finish with, which is what's been one highlight for each of you, we'll start with you.

Julian: Closer time helps bring our focus back. We feel trapped by obligations. You've created a gym rather than a custom GPT. Ian, just a technical note. How do you find Gemini? I see doing this in Gemini. Have you got a gym that it does RFP generation? Yes, I also want to, I haven't read that book and I want to read it. with it to me, it's just Yeah, please. Can you see that one with me is off. The highlight for me is although I was asleep for the first 45 minutes.

Julian: Do kenneth's, a major reason that this exists, some of the knowledge that you've shared that you've encountered on your journey, just that one video you shared about the Claude Master prompt and some of the Ted Also, I haven't and I should, I thank you personally Ken for some of like the insane. So like exploring the technology and playing with it, some of the tips and that video defensive coding techniques that has been a game changer and making this thing He can. with you guys and chatting. It's like really it really is that like I get a ton of do kenneth's, a major reason that this exists, some of the knowledge that you've shared that you've encountered on your journey, just that one video you shared about the Claude Master prompt and some of the Ted Also, I haven't and I should, I thank you personally Ken for some of like the insane. It's like really it really is that like I get a ton of It's kind of like Bruno touch on. The exploration has helped me grow so much like the it's just it's that sense of like belonging and love sharing stuff so it was great. It's gonna I just sent you guys that and I my evolution has been just incredible and so like I think it's just that and I And the things that we discussed and do and how it shapes quote, unquote me and to him, Super excited about the potential, You know, I think cuz I think that's love. I love helping and empowering others. And then what kind of what Ben said insane. It's kind of like Bruno touch on. I didn't notice that my friend. And I, I was talking about that with somebody yesterday. This idea that the fact that all of these things are coming together across every aspect of our highlight. I would just like to say that I loved Ian's comment about harmony and where I want to be, and that Okay. I am I yeah, that that deserves an hour of its own, really that particular we are in an unique confluence of events, and it's a challenge, but at the same time, out of challenge, comes opportunities, and I think that, that really is For me is what this is which is is that it's turning challenge into opportunity know that. Today is going to be challenging but here are the opportunities and I get that once a week I would really like to get the beginning of every day that come out of it. So I just wanted to say thank you very much. Thank you to Ben for introducing Johnny to this and then Johnny for introducing me to work but yeah, incredible reward, that comes out of this and how bizarre that, you Yeah, you it's not easy for us blokes to find people who we can genuinely share with, but this is awesome. For me is what this is which is is that it's turning challenge into opportunity know that. I'm curious what Carl's will say about it. I mean, isn't that what you've always done? But most people think we're insane. who doesn't need anything. So I emailed it, I emailed to you and Julian Ken, if you want me to email you like happy to but like Kenza if I'm a whatever level Mage Ken's like Master Guru dude Seriously, because he works with it so much, you know. but, Check what I put in the in LinkedIn, I sent the Conflict Club summary but I said There's so much more and I'll leave it. The Cogito's summary and I said Ken Yeah. But yeah, you guys help me every week and I just mean to be. He didn't for me last week as you know, Ken and the other thing about it is is also done is I've cut and pasted the messages, which I think are really valuable as well, and give a very different site to the conversation which might be easier to read. So, let's just keep exploring, how we that the version of the transcript that I received repeated itself multiple intervention before it becomes something that's actually useful. Require I think a little bit of human Yeah. Require I think a little bit of human

Julian: I've got myself in a kind of a confused place where I'm I'm trying to think about. Just what's going on with all this stuff. But it has been fun, so there you go. so, We're gonna get a, a transcript out of this, which is going to have Cogito's comments. Inserted, so that will itself be interesting. I, well, in theory, when you put the bot in a meeting, You give it your email, and in theory it emails you the transcript. We'll see what happens.